Open your dog eyes and see clearly
This is the ancient prescription written by Brother Su himself
Confirmed by my grandfather
This is the complete medicinal material of the ancient prescription of Golden Sore Medicine
Are you dumb? Hahaha.
You're not going to cheat again, are you?
A big man is not ashamed
I heard from Xi'er
You are also a healer
But proud and complacent
It's hopeless
It's just a broken jade pendant.
Since you want it so much, Master Su
Alms to you
Hey, why can't you afford to lose?
Miss Zhang Shenyi
Brother Yi, Brother Chen is still young, don't be surprised, okay?
Hey, brother Su
What kind of baby is this fish match?
You have seen so many treasures
Why do you want this thing from him?
This is really a good thing.
This one.
I don't see it.
Then you will know
It is the inheritance in this jade pendant.
Let Yechen become a god in one fell swoop
Later, stand up and fill it up.
But I haven't had the time to receive the inheritance yet
Need Yechen's blood to open
Need to think of something